What is Job and Step
Each transaction is a separate Job.
Each Job can contain multiple Steps.

               -  Communication With Bank
             /
Transaction  --- Debit Money
             \
               -  Send Sms / email to Customer

Steps : Can be of Two Types :
1. Tasklet (Based on Tasks)
2. Chunks Based ( We hae Item Reader -> Item Processor -> Item Writer)

We use Chunk Based approach when we have high volume of Data

SPRING BATCH ARCHITECTURE
                           Reader | Processor | Writer
                                        |
Job Launcher -> Job -> Steps (Tasklet/Chunk)
Each of above has connection to Job Repository.
This Job Repository contains all the Job INformation (metaData)
Contains infor about Start/End/Error/Exception etc data for each step.

This Job Repository has direct interaction with the Database to access this metadata.


        JOB INSTANCE -|- JOB EXECUTION -|- JOB EXECUTION CONTEXT

In spring batch we have job, Say this job runs on daily basis,
Lets Say, today is Jan 01 , so today "one" instance is going to run
on Jan 02, another job instance will run...similarly for other days as well.

so all these instances are Job Instances for that particular Job.
So, we can say under One Job, there are many Job Instances.

Now, lets say our job runs on every day at 22:00 PM night. So at that time, the instance will execute.
This will be the Job Execution.
Job Execution will hold the info when it started, ended etc.
Spring Batch will store this data as metaData into the database.

If some Job Execution is Successful, then for that Instance, we can not run the Job.
We can definitely run the job through another instance.
If the job execution was failed, we can run the same job instance again.
Actually, we can run another job execution inside the same Job Instance
This will be comfirmed throught the meta-data stored.

We have 2 execution context in Spring Batch : One is at Job level and another at Step Level.


        STEP EXECUTION -|- STEP EXECUTION CONTEXT
In spring batch a job can hae multiple steps. Once we run our job,  the job execution will get started.
and now it will come to each and eery step. Each step will start execution in the order specified.
Each step will have its step execution(with metadata)
Just like JOb Execution Context we have Step Execution COntext. Its at Step Level.
If we hae something which can be useful in the step execution, we can pass it to
Step Execution Context. If you want to pass something between job levels, we goto Job Execution Context.
Both are Maps. ie data stored in form of key / value pair.
Job exeution context get stored in Database along with metadata at once for each Job.
Similarly, Step Execution Context gets stored in DB along with the metadata during each step separately.


Suppose we want to run the same job instance again, we can not do that.
BEcause that job is already completed.
So in this case, to run that particular JOb instance again, we will need to tell the
Spring batch that this is the new execution, not the older one which was completed.
THis we can do using providing job parameters proided by spring batch.
Goto run configurations -> pass arguments (key,value) pair.

To avoid doing this manually each time, we can simply use incrementer(new RunIdIncrementer())
provided by jobBuilderFactory. THis will automatically add one key with run.id that will be the incremented value
of the previous one.

        JOB LISTENERS
In Spring Batch, Suppose before and after the execution of step, we want to perform some task..
for example logging or etc. We can use Job Execution Listeners.

        CHUNK ORIENTED STEP
Here we have 3 steps, Item Reader, Item Processor and Item Reader
How Chunk Oriented Steps Work ?

In the item processor, we earlier had to implement the ItemRead<Input Type, OutputType>
But in later versions, we do not have to give the type Parameters.
